c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\HangFire-Playground.dll.config
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\HangFire-Playground.dll
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\HangFire-Playground.pdb
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\Glimpse.AspNet.dll
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\Glimpse.Core.dll
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\Glimpse.Mvc5.dll
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\Hangfire.Core.dll
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\Hangfire.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\Serilog.dll
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\Serilog.Extras.Web.dll
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\Serilog.FullNetFx.dll
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\Serilog.Sinks.Glimpse.dll
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\Hangfire.Core.xml
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\Hangfire.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\Serilog.pdb
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\Serilog.xml
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\Serilog.Extras.Web.xml
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\Serilog.FullNetFx.pdb
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\Serilog.FullNetFx.xml
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\Serilog.Sinks.Glimpse.xml
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\obj\Debug\HangFire-Playground.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\obj\Debug\HangFire-Playground.dll
c:\users\tsilva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HangFire-Playground\HangFire-Playground\obj\Debug\HangFire-Playground.pdb
